Day16 		10/15/2020

Topics: Scanner

Package name: day16_Scanner

Todays goals:
	- Scanner methods to read Strings
	- Applying Scanner more dynamically 

-----------------------------------
Warmup tasks:

		1.  write a program for a rate calculator: RateCalculator
            1. asks the user to enter a salary (double)
            2. asks the user how many hours he/she works in a week (as int)
            3. print the hourly rate of the employee

            assume that one year has 52 weeks

            hourRate = salary / (weeklyHour * 52)

-----------------------------------

Scanner:

		next();	-->	Read one word, and returns it as a String.
			if -->	multiple words are given, then only the first word before the spae is the value stored.

		nextLine(); -->	Reading multiple words (you can have spaces between the words.) and nextLine(); will accept the 'enter' inputs.
			-	The issue of nextLine(); accepts the enter input and not allowing you to correctly store your String.
			-	The solution to this issue is to add an extra nextLine method, which is not stored to anything.

		close(): --> This method will close your Scanner.

Task-1:

		Write a program that will ask the user to enter a browser type(firefox, chrome, safari, opera) handle case sensitivity

		if a valid browser type is entered print "Browser_Type is Opening..."

		if the given browser is not valid print "Browser_type is not a valid browser."


Task-2:
		
		ask the user to enter their first name. then ask the user to enter their last name. then ask the user if they are current;y employed.

		if the user is employed, aslo ask them what their salry is.

		Print all the ingmation at the end:
				full name is:	
				employed :
				salary:	

Task-3:

		Create a dynamic calculator 

		ask user to enter two numbers and operator

		ex:
			enter nubember 1
			5
			enter number 2
			10
			enter operator

			output = 5 + 10 =15

Task-4:
		
		Count up some points based on the users input:

		Ask the user how many people they line with?
			if user lives with less than 2 people: add one points
			if the user lives with 3-6 people: add two points 
			if the user lives with more than 6 people: add three points:

		Ask the user what city they live in?
		Ask the user if the linve in downtown (yes or no)
			if you live downtown, ask them have you thought about moving to the suburbs?
			if no, minus one point

		Ask the user their favorite animal
		Ask the user how many pets they want?
		Ask SSN?

		Print everything and points









